V1.0.0 RC (#182)
OWASP/maswe: weaknesses/MASVS-CODE/MASWE-0077.md

---
title: Non-Reproducible Builds
id: MASWE-0077
alias: non-reproducible-builds
requirement: "The app offers reproducible builds."
platform: [android, ios]
profiles: [L2]
threat: MAS-THREAT-0077
attacks: [MAS-ATTACK-0060, MAS-ATTACK-0062]
mappings:
  masvs-v2: [MASVS-CODE-3]
  cwe: [1357, 494]
refs:
- https://reproducible-builds.org/
- https://slsa.dev/
- https://github.com/signalapp/Signal-Android/blob/main/reproducible-builds/README.md
status: new
---

## Overview

> This weakness occurs when compiling the app's source with the same build environment does not yield a bit-for-bit identical artifact, making it impossible to independently verify that a distributed binary was built from the claimed, unmodified source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This weakness occurs when compiling the app's source with the same build environment does not yield a bit-for-bit identical binary, making it impossible to independently verify that a distributed binary was built from the claimed, unmodified source.
```

Reproducible builds allow third parties, and the developers themselves, to detect tampering or injected malicious code by rebuilding from source and comparing the result with the released artifact. Without reproducibility, this verification is impossible, weakening supply-chain integrity. Together with build provenance and attestation frameworks (e.g. SLSA), reproducible builds let stakeholders verify the integrity of released artifacts.

## Modes of Introduction

- **Non-Deterministic Build Outputs**: Embedding timestamps, absolute paths, environment data, or unstable orderings in build artifacts, so identical inputs produce differing outputs.

> - **Unpinned Build Environments**: Building with undocumented or unpinned toolchains and dependencies, so no one can recreate the environment that produced a release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unpinned Build Environments**: Building with undocumented or unpinned toolchains and dependencies, so it's impossible to recreate the environment that produced a release.
```

- **No Provenance or Attestation**: Publishing releases without provenance describing what was built, from which source, and by which pipeline.

## Impact

> - **Execution of Unauthorized Code**: Attackers can inject code during the build or distribution process without detection, since no independent party can verify the binary against the source, resulting in malicious code shipping to the entire user base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Execution of Unauthorized Code**: Attackers can inject code during the build or distribution process without straightforward detection, since no independent party can verify the binary against the source, resulting in malicious code shipping to the entire user base.
```
